
# Set all important video and audio files to VLC
org.videolan.vlc mkv viewer
org.videolan.vlc mp4 viewer
org.videolan.vlc mp3 viewer
org.videolan.vlc mp2 viewer
org.videolan.vlc m4v viewer
org.videolan.vlc flv viewer
org.videolan.vlc avi viewer
org.videolan.vlc wma viewer
org.videolan.vlc wmv viewer
org.videolan.vlc m4a viewer
org.videolan.vlc m4b viewer
org.videolan.vlc mov viewer
org.videolan.vlc au  viewer
org.videolan.vlc asf viewer
org.videolan.vlc ogm viewer
org.videolan.vlc ogg viewer
org.videolan.vlc mka viewer
org.videolan.vlc ts  viewer
org.videolan.vlc aac viewer
org.videolan.vlc wav viewer
org.videolan.vlc 3gp viewer
org.videolan.vlc flac viewer

# Set some text-based formats to use MacVim
org.vim.MacVim txt  all
org.vim.MacVim nfo  all
org.vim.MacVim md   all
org.vim.MacVim json all
org.vim.MacVim yml  all
org.vim.MacVim yaml all
org.vim.MacVim md   all
org.vim.MacVim csv  all
org.vim.MacVim py   all
org.vim.MacVim rst  all
org.vim.MacVim conf all
org.vim.MacVim c    all
org.vim.MacVim go   all
org.vim.MacVim sh   all
org.vim.MacVim log  all
org.vim.MacVim ini  all
org.vim.MacVim rb   all
org.vim.MacVim tex  all
org.vim.MacVim bib  all
org.vim.MacVim sty  all
org.vim.MacVim cls  all
org.vim.MacVim css  all
org.vim.MacVim scss all
org.vim.MacVim less all
org.vim.MacVim sass all
org.vim.MacVim php  all
org.vim.MacVim js   all

net.sourceforge.sqlitebrowser sqlite3 all
net.sourceforge.sqlitebrowser sqlite  all

org.vim.MacVim LICENSE      all
org.vim.MacVim AUTHORS      all
org.vim.MacVim CHANGELOG    all
org.vim.MacVim CONTRIBUTE   all
org.vim.MacVim COPYING      all
org.vim.MacVim README       all
org.vim.MacVim TODO         all
org.vim.MacVim Dockerfile   all
org.vim.MacVim Brewfile     all
org.vim.MacVim Makefile     all
org.vim.MacVim Gemfile      all

org.libreoffice.script odt all
org.libreoffice.script ods all
org.libreoffice.script odp all
